Provide pre-generated release notes with tables for downloadable assets (#5899)
slint-ui/slint: docs/_templates/nightly-release-notes.md

> This GitHub release is a nightly snapshot of Slint development. It serves to provide access to pre-release binaries shipped with the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This GitHub release is a nightly snapshot of Slint development. It serves to provide access to pre-release binaries.

The attached binaries are updated once a day by a GitHub action building from the  `master` branch.
```
